CANTILLATION: E
e
RECITATIVE: It is seen how the mountain mist is lashed
away by a Garudha wind.  «» «»
It speeds towards the skies until it disappears wiped
by the rays of the sun.  «» «»
The sultry heat
and heavy clouds leave their mark
on the atmosphere in TRIbasara Forest.  «» «»
For the forest towers above a ravine
the red earth weighed down with black boulders, «»
bounded by tree trunks lying about.  «» «»
Timber embraced by a tangle of rattan holds sway in
Tribasara Forest.  «» «»
The thorns of ﬂame nettles and gadungs cling together,  «»
snarled up
and entwined in the undergrowth with its stinging hairs
that cause an itch.  «» «»
While below live the creepy and crawly creatures every
one of which is venomous.
The red ants make haste as they challenge a centipede
the poisonous scorpions set on a wood scorpion.  «» «»